Taleggio Mushroom Pizza
(https://www.insidetherustickitchen.com/mushroom-pizza/)

But recently I've been making my mushroom pizza with one of the most delicious Italian cheeses...Taleggio! 
It's rich and tangy, melts beautifully and keeps its flavour when melted which is super important!

Ingredient notes and substitutions

- Homemade pizza dough - this is our basic recipe for making pizzas at home. 
  It's easy and delicious! The dough will make enough for 2 large tray pizzas or 3-4 smaller round ones.

- Mushrooms - Crimini mushrooms (chestnut mushrooms UK) work best for this recipe.
- Thyme - use fresh thyme, not dried. if you can't find it then a 
  little dried oregano would be a good alternative.
- Tomato passata - known as tomato puree in the US, it's great for using as pizza sauce. 
  You can use it straight from the jar as it is or mix it with a little salt and olive oil which I often do



Preparation tips!

    - Pre-heat your oven to the highest setting it will go. You want an extra hot oven to bake pizzas.
    - Prep the baking tray you are using by sprinkling it with a little semolina (cornmeal) or flour. This stops it from sticking and gives it a nice crispy base.
    - Since we're using fresh mozzarella you'll want to drain it from the packet and dab it with kitchen paper to remove excess moisture before using.

Saute the mushrooms - first, you want to saute the mushrooms and thyme until a lot of th
e moisture has evaporated from the mushrooms (about 5 minutes). Add the garlic and saute 
for another minute or 2 then set the mushrooms aside (photos 1 & 2).

Roll out the dough - next roll out the dough to fit your baking tray. 
You can do this by hand just carefully stretching the dough into shape or 
roll it out with a rolling pin. Place it on the baking tray, and make sure 
to sprinkle a little flour or semolina on it first. (photos 4 & 5).

Season the passata sauce - Passata (tomato puree US) is great for pizzas. 
I like to add a pinch of salt, ½ teaspoon of dried oregano and a drizzle of
olive oil to give it a little extra flavour but you can use it just as it is (photo 6).

Add toppings - spread the passata over the pizza then top with fresh 
mozzarella, mushrooms and taleggio cheese. Bake in the oven for 10-15 minutes
until the crust is golden brown and the cheese is melted.

* Recipe tips

    Homemade pizza dough - this recipe uses 1 ball of homemade pizza dough 
    which is half a batch. I recommend making the full batch and either 
    freezing the second ball if you don't plan on using it or make a 
    second pizza from our pizza recipe collection.

    Cook the mushrooms first - cooking the mushrooms before adding 
    to the pizza adds so much flavour. If you put them on raw they'll 
    dry out and don't taste nearly as good.

Add some pepperoni or peppers














